I made a mention on my Santa hat pretzel
video that I made my own colored sugar
and this is the red sugar that I used
for that video you can buy this in
little spice jars and it's anywhere
between two and three dollars for HR of
that but all it is is sugar and food
coloring and I figured I didn't want to
go to the store at the time so I figured
out how to make it on Google there are
tons of instructions on Google as to how
to make this but all I'm going to do is
take a jar here that has a lid I'm going
to put in a quarter of a cup of sugar
just plain old white granulated sugar
and I'm going to take my food coloring
this is just the red food coloring
dripper bottle that everybody has
everybody's got those right and I'm
going to put in ten drops of red food
coloring ten lid on that and I'm just
going to screw the lid on peak and on
the shake this until it comes together
and it looks like that sorry that's kind
of fuzzy right there anyway you get the
point I'm going to take the lid off and
I'm going to add in ten more drops I
found that if you add all twenty at one
time that the food coloring clumps up
and it does not mix in I may use that
three four five six seven eight nine ten
one more for extra and put the lid on
and shake it up again until it all comes
together like that take the lid off and
you can see what that looks like there
now just why do you take a plate we've
all this other stuff out of the way I'm
going to put this sugar out onto a plate
and I'm going to spread this around with
a fork if there are any globs of food
coloring
and mash it in and get it incorporated
doesn't what that there is any one right
here just like that and I'm going to let
this dry for a few hours if it's not
dark enough for you after it dries go
ahead and add another ten to 20 drops
just like you did it the first time but
that is how you make your own colored
sugar here's the green that I did the
green drape
straight out of the bottle was kind of a
funky green so to the 40 drops of green
I added three drops of blue and one drop
of yellow and that made it a nice
Christmasy green so just play around
with the color a bit more than often
than not you will need 40 drops total of
food coloring but only do 20 at a time
there you go save yourself some money
and enjoy making your own color - sugar
I hope you guys enjoy and thanks for
watching
you